{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue153;\red0\green102\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont2\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\kerning1\b\f0\fs56\lang1033 Mids' Reborn Unofficial (MRBU)\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Current MRBU Version: \cf0\b0\i 20.2605\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\i\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Please note that all unofficial updates are based off of City of Heroes: Homecoming and may not reflect other City of Heroes server implementations.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
    @Zed (Discord: Zed#7901)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033     @Felis Noctu (Discord: Feles Noctis#9086)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033     @Procat (Discord: Procat#3599)\f1\fs24\line\f0\fs22     @Bopper (Discord: Bopper#1892)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033     Metalios (Discord: Metalios#2673)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
---\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs36 Install Instructions\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Release Update\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 (Github)\i0  Above center, find and click \b "# release"\b0  tab\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 (Github)\i0  Click \b "Source code (zip)"\b0  under \b "Assets"\b0  section of most recent Weekly\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 (You are here)\i0  Open downloaded file\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Extract contents of \b "MRB-Updates-######"\b0  to Mids install folder, overwriting as prompted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 For a clean install, only extract the \b "Data"\b0  and \b "Images"\b0  folders\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Cutting Edge\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 (Github)\i0  Above right, find and click the green button labeled \b "Clone or Download"\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 (Github)\i0  Click \b "Download ZIP"\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 (You are here)\i0  Open downloaded file\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Extract contents of \b "MRB-Updates-master"\b0  to Mids install folder, overwriting as prompted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 For a clean install, only extract the \b "Data"\b0  and \b "Images"\b0  folders\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par
\fs22 ---\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs28 MRBU Features\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Archetype Ordering\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 MRBU currently orders the archetype selection dropdown menu in the same order as Homecoming's in-game list.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 This does, however, cause the menu to have minimal organization other than by pre-Going Rogue factions, and may change in the future.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Database Version Number\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 As of Homecoming Issue 26, Page 4, the Mids database version is going to be formatted to match the year and matching Homecoming Issue/Page number of the last update, in order to make comparing versions at a glance easier for both devs and players.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Year:\b0  2020\f1\fs24\line\b\f0\fs22 HC Vers:\b0  Issue 26, Page 4\f1\fs24\line\b\f0\fs22 DB Date:\b0  23/03/2020\f1\fs24\line\b\f0\fs22 DB Vers:\b0  20.2604\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Homecoming Beta Server Previews\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 We\rquote re in the process of adding Beta-specific content and changes to Mids\rquote  to allow for analysis and number crunching of Homecoming\rquote s beta changes. These sets may be found by looking for anything beginning with \ldblquote zn_\rdblquote  (new) or "zc_" (changed), which in the case of powersets will push them to the bottom of their respective lists.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 As the beta server is changing much more frequently than on live, and the beta BIN files are currently difficult to parse to extract raw data, this added content may not always be 100% accurate. We\rquote ll do our best to get them as close as we can!\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par
\fs22 ---\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs28 To-Do\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 PAGE 5 SPECIFIC\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Polish pass of Electrical Melee\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Polish pass of Experimentation\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 The following Scrapper and Stalker Epic Pools still need to be modified\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  NOTE: These powersets were shared but now vary in values between Scrapper and Stalker, and so will need to be duplicated and made unique to each\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Leviathan Mastery\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Mu Mastery\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Soul Mastery\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Weapon Mastery\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Dark Melee damage scales have not yet been applied as the value in Mids differs from the previous value reported in the HC patch notes. These sets will need to be reviewed in full.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Dark Miasma/Darkness Affinity for Controller, Corruptor, Mastermind, and others were all mirroring Defender values for certain powers. This is true for Mids as well (Ranged_Ones provide raw values). These need to be changed to the appropriate AT-modifier categories and values reviewed for accuracy.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
General\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Snipe powers may be missing data\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Water Jet may be missing some data\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Power Updates & Fixes\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Scrapper > Titan Weapons > Defensive Sweep: Correct defense bonus to in-game value of 11.25%\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Incarnates\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 One or more Lore pet sets appear to be missing (Demons primarily)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
---\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Known Issues\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Need More Information\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Water Jet damage value for Blasters doesn\rquote t match in-game.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  Will need to investigate calculation differences\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2\b Can\rquote t/Won\rquote t Fix\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 ATOs and Superior ATOs are not marked as mutually exclusive.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  Won't fix. Not related to database, and would require extensive Mids\rquote  code changes to accomplish.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Dominator > Martial Assault > Envenomed Blades isn't adding damage to other powers.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  Won't fix. The game's expression used to calculate added damage is complex and creates a damage bonus unique to each power based on the base power, recharge time, area factors if those exist, and some other calculations. Expressions are hardcoded into the database when the program is compiled, so we have no way of properly implementing this at this time. While we could go through and apply it to every power individually, that's excessive amounts of work for a relative edge case situation, and thus low priority.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
---\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\fs36 2.6.0.7 I26P5 (2020-05-11)\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 (20.2605)\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Client\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Database Cleanup\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Deleted two unused, glitchy entries in Pets group\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 All > Titan Weapon: Reorganized power redirects to more closely match their parents\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
UI Fixes/Tweaks\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li709\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 View Totals window has received some enhancements\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Values have had their precision increased to 2 decimal places (#0.##) where appropriate to match in-game Totals\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Misc Buffs > Movement > Fly: Calculations are now using BaseFlySpeed instead of MaxFlySpeed (oops!), and are now much closer to the actual in-game speeds\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: These values still do not quite match the in-game speeds due to calculation errors. This is, as far as we can tell, due to the use of negative offsets, which are necessary to properly implement enhancements but disagree with Mids' formulas. We're still working on this.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Powers\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE FOR PAGE 5:\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 We now have up to date raw data to work with, so expect a sweep across all powers to follow!\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\i\strike\f0\fs22\lang1033 We do not currently have the full power data and are working from the in-game tooltips, as well as using raw numbers instead of values affected by AT-modifiers. As such somenumbers may not be 100% accurate at this time. This will be resolved as the raw data becomes available.\i0\strike0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
New Support Powerset: Electrical Affinity\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li709\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Available for Controllers, Corruptors, Defenders, & Masterminds\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: Mids does not currently appear to be able to display Targeted Absorbs, so Insulating Circuit will show as (Self).\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2 New Origin Power Pool: Experimentation\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li698\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Available for all ATs\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs22 New IO Sets\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li709\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Artillery (Targeted AoE, Rare, 30-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Bombardment (Targeted AoE, Rare, 30-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Power Transfer (Endurance Modification, Rare, 21-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Preemptive Optimization (Endurance Modification, Uncommon, 21-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Synapse\rquote s Shock (Endurance Modification, Rare, 21-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs22 Power Updates & Fixes\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 All valid ATs > Dual Pistols > Hail of Bullets: Cast time has been standardized to 4.17s\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 All valid ATs > Invulnerability > Unstoppable: This power no longer accepts Endurance Mod enhancements or sets. The Recovery buff in this power has never been enhanceable\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 All valid ATs > Martial Arts > Crippling Axe Kick: This power now accepts Defense Debuff enhancements and sets, matching in-game functionality.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 The following Brute and Tanker powers have been modified to accept Taunt enhancements but not Taunt sets:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Burn\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Cloak of Fear\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Oppressive Gloom\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 The following Scrapper and Stalker Epic Pools powers have been modified:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Mace Mastery > Web Cocoon: This power now does Toxic Damage over time. Now accepts damage enhancements and sets.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  NOTE: Other epic sets to follow. Due to some scaling changes, these epic pools that Scrapper and Stalker previously shared are needing to be duplicated and made unique to each.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Soldier > Tactical Training Assault: Taunt/placate protection has been changed to resistance\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Widow > Tactical Training Assault: Taunt/placate protection has been changed to resistance\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Widow > Teamwork > Mind Link (both versions): Defense buff values adjusted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Blaster > Electricity Manipulation > Force of Thunder: Debuff no longer affects both target and self, added toggle button\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Blaster > Epic > Mace Mastery: Power requirements updated to match in-game, descriptions updated to this functionality.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  NOTE: These requirements do not match the other epic sets. This has been reported to the Homecoming team.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Summon Spiderlings requires \i one\i0  power\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Web Cocoon requires \i two\i0  powers\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute > Bio Armor > DNA Siphon: Added missing toggle button\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute > Martial Arts: Swapped level selectability for Focus Chi and Warrior's Provocation\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pool > Experimentation > Adrenal Booster: This power now accepts ToHit buff enhancements and IO sets.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pool > Force of Will > Weaken Resolve: Adjusted values, description no longer claims it provides self +ToHit. Also, power is no longer a click-buff.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Beam Rifle > Overload: Fixed DoT component value, added missing damage sub-component in PvE\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Epic > Leviathan Mastery > Knockout Blow: No longer accepts ranged aoe sets\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Epic > Ninja Tool Mastery > Paralizing Dart: Name typo, corrected to "Paralyzing"\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Epic > Ninja Tool Mastery > Paralyzing Dart/Sting of the Wasp/Tashibishi/The Lotus Drops: no longer accept untyped sets\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Epic > Psi Mastery > Mind Probe: No longer accept blaster sets\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Stalker > Ice Melee > Ice Patch: This power no longer states that it accepts Universal Damage or Stalker Archetype Origin sets, it has never accepted these enhancements.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Stalker > Radiation Armor > Fallout Shelter: Available level fixed\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Bruising: Changed description and removed Bruising (-Res effect) for the following Tanker attacks:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Bash\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Defensive Sweep\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Initial Strike\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Jab\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Mercurial Blow\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Stone Fist\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Single Target Attacks: Corrected shape. Gauntlet taunt was applied as AoE, which caused proc/PPM calculations to return incorrect values\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Dark Melee > Siphon Life: Corrected power scale on self-heal effect\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Super Reflexes > Evasion: Taunt no longer affects both target and self\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2 Dark Melee\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 All versions of Shadow Maul\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arc increased from 45 to 120 degrees\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Cast Time lowered from 3.07 to 2.35 seconds\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Recharge increased from 8 to 11 seconds \f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Target Cap increased from 5 (10) to 10 (16) for Brutes, Scrappers, and Stalkers (and Tankers)\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  TODO: Damage scales have not yet been applied as the value in Mids differs from the previous value reported in the HC patch notes. These sets will need to be reviewed in full.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2 Dark Miasma\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 All versions of Twilight Grasp\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Accuracy increased from 1.0x to 1.2x\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  TODO: Dark Miasma/Darkness Affinity for Controller, Corruptor, Mastermind, and others were all mirroring Defender values for certain powers. This is true for Mids as well (Ranged_Ones provide raw values). These need to be changed to the appropriate AT-modifier categories and values reviewed for accuracy.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2 Pools\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 The following Leadership powers have had their activation time reduced from 3.63 seconds to 1.5 seconds\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Leadership > Maneuvers\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Leadership > Assault\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Leadership > Tactics\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Experimentation, Force of Will, and Sorcery are now mutually exclusive. In addition to a visual clue, there is a note about it in the powersets' descriptions.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: Exclusivity is currently only shown when attempting to take powers from two sets.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs22 Savage Melee\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 All valid ATs > Blood Frenzy:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1440\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Now properly allows scaling of endurance discount and recharge bonuses\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Description updated to match in-game\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Stalker > Hemorrhage: Proof of concept for providing modal changing effects utilizing special cases\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1440\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 0-4 stacks on power directly\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 5 stacks uses power redirect, activate with Quick Form (this is due to the DoTs adding +1sec & tick at 5 stacks)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Description modified to note this new functionality\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2 Enhancements & IOs\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Shortened enhancements' names in Ascendency of the Dominator, Dominating Grasp, Overpowering Presence, Will of the Controller,  and their Superior versions to match ingame ones. (E.g. \i Accuracy/Control Duration\i0 .)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Call of the Sandman: Chance for Heal\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Heal increased from 5% to 15%\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 This proc is now unique\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf0\b0 ---\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\fs36 2.6.0.7 I26P4\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 (20.2604)\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 (Summary as of 2020-03-27)\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang1033\par
MRBU Features\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Database Version Number\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 As of this Issue/Page number, the Mids database version is going to be formatted to match the year and matching Homecoming Issue/Page number of the last update, in order to make comparing versions at a glance easier for both devs and players.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Year:\b0  2020\f1\fs24\line\b\f0\fs22 HC Vers:\b0  Issue 26, Page 4\f1\fs24\line\b\f0\fs22 DB Date:\b0  23/03/2020\f1\fs24\line\b\f0\fs22 DB Vers:\b0  20.2604\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Homecoming Beta Server Previews\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 We\rquote re in the process of adding Beta-specific content and changes to Mids\rquote  to allow for analysis and number crunching of Homecoming\rquote s beta changes. These sets may be found by looking for anything beginning with \ldblquote zn_\rdblquote  (new) or "zc_" (changed), which in the case of powersets will push them to the bottom of their respective lists.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 As the beta server is changing much more frequently than on live, and the beta BIN files are currently difficult to parse to extract raw data, this added content may not always be 100% accurate. We\rquote ll do our best to get them as close as we can!\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\fs28 General Archetype Updates\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Fiery Aura powers updated to reflect current in-game values\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Sentinel\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 New icon for Beam Rifle primary set\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Reverted icon for Beam Rifle primary set, as this change was not introduced in-game\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par
\cf2\b\fs22 Corruptor\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Most primary specialization powers updated to reflect current in-game values\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Does not include Snipe powers at this time\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Many Storm Summoning powers updated to reflect current in-game values\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2\b Scrapper / Stalker\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Fix for Ancillary pool being locked when adding a snipe power\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 To accomplish this, Quick Form has been moved from ancillary pools to class inherent abilities - so it's always there even if you don't take any snipe power. This change might unlock your existing builds, but that hasn\rquote t been tested.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\fs28 Tanker & Brute Changes\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 AoEs, Scaling & Stats, and Others\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 These changes are wide-reaching and difficult to manage from a purely database-editing angle. Mids\rquote  does have AT class modifiers integrated, however they\rquote re hardcoded and compiled as part of the program itself. As well, they\rquote re massive lists of values that would need to be carefully adjusted based on what Homecoming currently uses, which would require being able to get a hold of that information. BIN parsing for the game files still isn\rquote t at 100%, and as such we\rquote re taking the more difficult path and updating each power\rquote s values individually, a very slow process. As such some values may not match in-game numbers. This is an ongoing process.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute Primaries > \i Status unknown\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute Secondaries > \i Status unknown\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker Primaries > \i WIP\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker Secondaries > \i WIP\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1429\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Updated:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1789\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Battle Axe\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Broad Sword\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Claws\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Dark Melee\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Electrical Melee\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Energy Melee\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Powers\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Powers Update & Fixes\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Fixed Twilight Grasp "2 hits" healing on all support ATs\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 The following powers had their scaling resistance bonuses reimplemented:\f1\fs24\line\f0\fs22 (the expressions existed but were ignored by Mids, leaving them at zero)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Widow > Teamwork > Foresight\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute > Super Reflexes > Agile\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute > Super Reflexes > Dodge\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute > Super Reflexes > Lucky\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Scrapper > Super Reflexes > Agile\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Scrapper > Super Reflexes > Dodge\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Scrapper > Super Reflexes > Lucky\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Super Reflexes > Agile\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Super Reflexes > Dodge\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Super Reflexes > Enduring\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Stalker > Super Reflexes > Agile\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Stalker > Super Reflexes > Dodge\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Super Reflexes > Agile\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Super Reflexes > Dodge\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Tanker > Super Reflexes > Lucky\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 The following powers had their damage over time values corrected:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Corruptor > Beam Rifle > Lancer Shot\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Corruptor > Fire Blast > Rain of Fire\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Corruptor > Ice Blast > Blizzard\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Corruptor > Ice Blast > Ice Storm\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Corruptor > Storm Summoning > Freezing Rain\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Corruptor > Water Blast > Whirlpool\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 The following powers have been marked as a click-buff to allow toggling of the effect:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Blaster > Temporal Manipulation > Chronos\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Dominator > Martial Assault > Envenomed Blades\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Presence > Unrelenting\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Arachnos Widow > Fortunata Teamwork > Mind Link: Values adjusted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Widow > Widow Training > Follow Up: Damage and ToHit bonuses now scale\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Damage: 30% per stack, up to 4 stacks (120%)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 ToHit: 10% per stack, up to 4 stacks (40%)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Widow > Widow Teamwork > Mind Link: Various values adjusted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Blaster > Atomic Manipulation > Beta Decay: Recharge bonus now scale correctly\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 10% base + 2.5% per stack, up to 10 stacks (25%)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Blaster > Plant Manipulation > Wild Fortress: Absorb value adjusted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Blaster > Tactical Arrow > ESD Arrow\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Endurance cost adjusted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Description updated\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Flight > Hover: Endurance cost adjusted\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Invulnerability > Durability: Absorb changed to MaxHP\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 NOTE: In-game information claims MaxAbsorb, but power effects extracted from game files as of 2020-03-08 indicate MaxHP. This means it will not be enhanced by Cardiac Radial Alpha.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel > Radiation Armor > Particle Shielding: Allowed slotting of EndMod enhancements\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf0\fs24\par

\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs22 Super Reflexes / Arachnos Widow Foresight\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 SR\rquote s original implementation was Scrapper-exclusive and relied on a flat, consistent, non-AT-modified, unenhanceable, unbuffable slope for its values as its passives\rquote  resistances scaled up. When the set/effect was proliferated to other archetypes this slope was maintained with only minor adjustments to the base values.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Brute, Scrapper, and Tanker resistance begins building at 60% Max HP, reaching 20% resistance per passive at 0% Max HP\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sentinel/Stalker resistance begins building at 60% Max HP, reaching 25% res per passive at 0% Max HP\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Arachnos Widow > Teamwork > Foresight resistance begins building at 75% Max HP, reaching 32.25% at 0% Max HP\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li1080\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 NOTE: Game description states it gives slope resistance to all damage types, but like SR's passives Foresight does not actually include Psionic or Toxic resistance.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2\b Pools\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Fighting > Cross Punch: Reordered power in set to avoid confusion\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Force of Will > Weaken Resolve: Reenabled slotting of Accurate ToHit Debuff enhancement sets as per in-game Manage Slots UI\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  NOTE: If these IO sets cannot actually be slotted in-game, the Homecoming dev team should be informed.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sorcery and Force of Will are now mutually exclusive. In addition to a visual clue, there is a note about it in the powersets' descriptions\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: Exclusivity is only shown when attempting to take powers from two sets.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2\b Incarnates\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Enabling a Diamagnetic Interface will no longer debuff the player's regeneration, resistances, or tohit\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Enabling a Reactive Interface will no longer debuff the player's resistances\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
IO Sets\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033 ATO > Might of the Tanker resistance proc no longer affected by Musculature Alpha\f1\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\lang1033 ATO > Superior Might of the Tanker resistance proc no longer affected by Musculature Alpha\f1\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\lang1033 Aegis: Psionic/Status Resistance effect text updated to reflect actual psionic resistance bonus\f1\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Sudden Acceleration: Knockback to Knockdown \f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 This set will now only affect the power it is slotted in, as in-game.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\fs28 Powers (HC beta)\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 New Support Powerset: Electrical Affinity\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Label:\b0  zn_Electrical Affinity\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li720\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 Up to date as of I26p5 Build 4\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Currently implemented for Controllers, Corruptors, Defenders, & Masterminds\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li1069\sl276\slmult1\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: Mids does not currently appear to be able to display Targeted Absorbs, so Insulating Circuit will show as (Self).\i0\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: We do not currently have the full power data and are working from the in-game tooltips, and are using raw numbers instead of values affected by AT-modifiers. As such the numbers may not be 100% accurate at all times. The Homecoming team has been contacted about the possibility of getting their powers-related files directly.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Shock cast time has been increased to 12s from 8s\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Chain distance has been added as radius\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Mastermind: Defibrillate enhancements updated\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1429\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Controllers, Corruptors, & Defender Defibrillate enhancements updated to mirror Mastermind \f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
New Origin Power Pool: Experimentation\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 Label:\b0  zn_Experimentation\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li720\sl276\slmult1\i\f0\fs22\lang1033 Up to date as of I26p5 Build 4\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Added powerset icon\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Added scales and modifiers so it has variance among ATs\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Experimentation > Corrosive Vial:\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1418\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Effects now use pseudo-pet\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
\cf2\b Power Updates & Fixes\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 The following Leadership \i (zc_Leadership)\i0  powers have had their activation time reduced from 3.63 seconds to 1.5 seconds\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Leadership > Maneuvers\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Leadership > Assault\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pools > Leadership > Tactics\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
Pools\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Experimentation, Sorcery, and Force of Will are now mutually exclusive. In addition to a visual clue, there is a note about it in the powersets' descriptions.\f1\fs24\line\i\f2\fs22\u8594?\f0\lang1033  KNOWN ISSUE: Exclusivity is only shown when attempting to take powers from two sets.\i0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b IO Sets\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang1033 NEW\b0\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Artillery (Targeted AoE, Rare, 30-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Bombardment (Targeted AoE, Rare, 30-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Preemptive Optimization (Endurance Modification, Uncommon, 21-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Power Transfer (Endurance Modification, Rare, 21-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Synapse\rquote s Shock (Endurance Modification, Rare, 21-50)\f1\fs24\lang1036\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Fixed the display of multiple procs/specials within the tooltip: Bombardment +FireDmg, Power Transfer +HealSelf, Synapse's Shock +RunSpeed.\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Power Transfer: Chance to Heal Self no longer marked as Unique\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Updated Artillery enhancements to match new icon\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 Updated Bombardment icon\f1\fs24\lang1036\par
}
 