{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105\deflangfe4105\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue153;\red0\green102\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\kerning1\b\f0\fs56 Mids' Reborn Unofficial (MRBU)\cf0\b0\fs22\par
\cf2\b Current MRBU Version: \cf0\b0\i 20.2604\par
\par
Please note that all unofficial updates are based off of City of Heroes: Homecoming and may not reflect other City of Heroes server implementations.\par
\i0\par
    @Zed (Discord: Zed#7901)\par
    @Felis Noctu (Discord: Feles Noctis#9086)\par
    @Procat (Discord: Procat#3599)\par
    Metalios (Discord: Metalios#2673)\par
\par
---\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs36 Install Instructions\par
\cf2\fs22 Weekly Update\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\i (Github)\i0  Above center, find and click \b "# release"\b0  tab\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\i (Github)\i0  Click \b "Source code (zip)"\b0  under \b "Assets"\b0  section of most recent Weekly\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\i (You are here)\i0  Open downloaded file\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Extract contents of \b "MRB-Updates-######"\b0  to Mids install folder, overwriting as prompted\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\i For a clean install, only extract the \b "Data"\b0  and \b "Images"\b0  folders\i0\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\par
Cutting Edge\cf1\fs36\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\i\fs22 (Github)\i0  Above right, find and click the green button labeled \b "Clone or Download"\b0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\i (Github)\i0  Click \b "Download ZIP"\b0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\i (You are here)\i0  Open downloaded file\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Extract contents of \b "MRB-Updates-master"\b0  to Mids install folder, overwriting as prompted\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1\i For a clean install, only extract the \b "Data"\b0  and \b "Images"\b0  folders\i0\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
---\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs36 2.6.0.7 I26P4\par
\fs22 (WIP as of 2020-03-24)\par
\par
\fs28 MRBU Features\b0\fs22\par
\cf2\b Database Version Number\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 As of this Issue/Page number, the Mids database version is going to be formatted to match the year and matching Homecoming Issue/Page number of the last update, in order to make comparing versions at a glance easier for both devs and players.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\b Year:\b0  2020\line\b HC Vers:\b0  Issue 26, Page 4\line\b DB Date:\b0  23/03/2020\line\b DB Vers:\b0  20.2604\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\par
Homecoming Beta Server Previews\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 We\rquote re in the process of adding Beta-specific content and changes to Mids\rquote  to allow for analysis and number crunching of Homecoming\rquote s beta changes. These sets may be found by looking for anything beginning with \ldblquote zn_\rdblquote  (new) or "zc_" (changed), which in the case of powersets will push them to the bottom of their respective lists.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}As the beta server is changing much more frequently than on live, and the beta BIN files are currently difficult to parse to extract raw data, this added content may not always be 100% accurate. We\rquote ll do our best to get them as close as we can!\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\par
\fs28 General Archetype Updates\b0\fs22\par
\cf2\b Brute\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 Fiery Aura powers updated to reflect current in-game values\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\par
Corruptor\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 Most primary specialization powers updated to reflect current in-game values\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Does not include Snipe powers at this time\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Many Storm Summoning powers updated to reflect current in-game values\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf2\b Scrapper / Stalker\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 Fix for Ancillary pool being locked when adding a snipe power\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 To accomplish this, Quick Form has been moved from ancillary pools to class inherent abilities - so it's always there even if you don't take any snipe power. This change might unlock your existing builds, but that hasn\rquote t been tested.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\par
\fs28 Tanker & Brute Changes\b0\fs22\par
\cf2\b AoEs, Scaling & Stats, and Others\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 These changes are wide-reaching and difficult to manage from a purely database-editing angle. Mids\rquote  does have AT class modifiers integrated, however they\rquote re hardcoded and compiled as part of the program itself. As well, they\rquote re massive lists of values that would need to be carefully adjusted based on what Homecoming currently uses, which would require being able to get a hold of that information. BIN parsing for the game files still isn\rquote t at 100%, and as such we\rquote re taking the more difficult path and updating each power\rquote s values individually, a very slow process. As such some values may not match in-game numbers. This is an ongoing process.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Brute Primaries > \i Status unknown\i0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Brute Secondaries > \i Status unknown\i0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tanker Primaries > \i WIP\i0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tanker Secondaries > \i WIP\i0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1429\sl276\slmult1 Updated:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1789\sl276\slmult1 Battle Axe\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Broad Sword\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Claws\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dark Melee\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Electrical Melee\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Energy Melee\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Powers\par
\cf2\fs22 Powers Update & Fixes\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 The following powers had their scaling resistance bonuses reimplemented:\line (the expressions existed but were ignored by Mids, leaving them at zero)\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Arachnos Widow > Teamwork > Foresight\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Brute > Super Reflexes > Agile\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Brute > Super Reflexes > Dodge\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Brute > Super Reflexes > Lucky\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Scrapper > Super Reflexes > Agile\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Scrapper > Super Reflexes > Dodge\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Scrapper > Super Reflexes > Lucky\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sentinel > Super Reflexes > Agile\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sentinel > Super Reflexes > Dodge\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sentinel > Super Reflexes > Enduring\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stalker > Super Reflexes > Agile\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stalker > Super Reflexes > Dodge\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tanker > Super Reflexes > Agile\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tanker > Super Reflexes > Dodge\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tanker > Super Reflexes > Lucky\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 The following powers had their damage over time values corrected:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Corruptor > Beam Rifle > Lancer Shot\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Corruptor > Fire Blast > Rain of Fire\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Corruptor > Ice Blast > Blizzard\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Corruptor > Ice Blast > Ice Storm\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Corruptor > Storm Summoning > Freezing Rain\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Corruptor > Water Blast > Whirlpool\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 The following powers have been marked as a click-buff to allow toggling of the effect:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Blaster > Temporal Manipulation > Chronos\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dominator > Martial Assault > Envenomed Blades\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pools > Presence > Unrelenting\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Arachnos Widow > Fortunata Teamwork > Mind Link: Values adjusted\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Arachnos Widow > Widow Training > Follow Up: Damage and ToHit bonuses now scale\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Damage: 30% per stack, up to 4 stacks (120%)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}ToHit: 10% per stack, up to 4 stacks (40%)\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Arachnos Widow > Widow Teamwork > Mind Link: Various values adjusted\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Blaster > Atomic Manipulation > Beta Decay: Recharge bonus now scale correctly\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 10% base + 2.5% per stack, up to 10 stacks (25%)\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Blaster > Plant Manipulation > Wild Fortress: Absorb value adjusted\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Blaster > Tactical Arrow > ESD Arrow\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Endurance cost adjusted\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Description updated\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Pools > Flight > Hover: Endurance cost adjusted\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sentinel > Invulnerability > Durability: Absorb changed to MaxHP\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li1069\sl276\slmult1 NOTE: In-game information claims MaxAbsorb, but power effects extracted from game files as of 2020-03-08 indicate MaxHP. This means it will not be enhanced by Cardiac Radial Alpha.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Sentinel > Radiation Armor > Particle Shielding: Allowed slotting of EndMod enhancements\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\par
\cf2\b Super Reflexes / Arachnos Widow Foresight\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 SR\rquote s original implementation was Scrapper-exclusive and relied on a flat, consistent, non-AT-modified, unenhanceable, unbuffable slope for its values as its passives\rquote  resistances scaled up. When the set/effect was proliferated to other archetypes this slope was maintained with only minor adjustments to the base values.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Brute, Scrapper, and Tanker resistance begins building at 60% Max HP, reaching 20% resistance per passive at 0% Max HP\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sentinel/Stalker resistance begins building at 60% Max HP, reaching 25% res per passive at 0% Max HP\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Arachnos Widow > Teamwork > Foresight resistance begins building at 75% Max HP, reaching 32.25% at 0% Max HP.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li1080\sl276\slmult1\i NOTE: Game description states it gives slope resistance to all damage types, but like SR's passives Foresight does not actually include Psionic or Toxic resistance.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\i0\par
\cf2\b Pools\cf0\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Pools > Force of Will > Weaken Resolve: Reenabled slotting of Accurate ToHit Debuff enhancement sets as per in-game Manage Slots UI.\line\i\f1\u8594?\f2\lang4105  \f0 NOTE: If these IO sets cannot actually be slotted in-game, the Homecoming dev team should be informed.\i0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sorcery and Force of Will are now mutually exclusive. In addition to a visual clue, there is a note about it in the powersets' descriptions.\line\i\f1\u8594?\f2\lang4105  \f0 KNOWN ISSUE: Exclusivity is only shown when attempting to take powers from two sets.\i0\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b Incarnates\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 Enabling a Diamagnetic Interface will no longer debuff the player's regeneration, resistances, or tohit\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Enabling a Reactive Interface will no longer debuff the player's resistances\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\par
IO Sets\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 Sudden Acceleration: Knockback to Knockdown \par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 This set will now only affect the power it is slotted in, as in-game.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Powers (HC beta)\b0\fs22\par
\cf2\b New Support Powerset: Electrical Affinity\cf0\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b Label:\b0  zn_Electrical Affinity\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li720\sl276\slmult1\i Up to date as of I26p5 Build 4\i0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Currently only implemented for Defenders\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li1069\sl276\slmult1\i\f1\u8594?\f2\lang4105  \f0 KNOWN ISSUE: Mids does not currently appear to be able to display Targeted Absorbs, so Insulating Circuit will show as (Self).\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\i0\par
\cf2\b New Origin Power Pool: Experimentation\cf0\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b Label:\b0  zn_Experimentation\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li720\sl276\slmult1\i Up to date as of I26p5 Build 4\i0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Added powerset icon\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added scales and modifiers so it has variance among ATs\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Experimentation > Corrosive Vial:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1418\sl276\slmult1 Effects now use pseudo-pet\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf2\b Power Updates & Fixes\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 The following Leadership \i (zc_Leadership)\i0  powers have had their activation time reduced from 3.63 seconds to 1.5 seconds\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Pools > Leadership > Maneuvers\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pools > Leadership > Assault\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pools > Leadership > Tactics\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\par
Pools\cf0\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Experimentation, Sorcery, and Force of Will are now mutually exclusive. In addition to a visual clue, there is a note about it in the powersets' descriptions.\line\i\f1\u8594?\f2\lang4105  \f0 KNOWN ISSUE: Exclusivity is only shown when attempting to take powers from two sets.\i0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b IO Sets\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b NEW\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1069\sl276\slmult1 Artillery (Targeted AoE, Rare, 30-50)\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Bombardment (Targeted AoE, Rare, 30-50)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Preemptive Optimization (Endurance Modification, Uncommon, 21-50)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Power Transfer (Endurance Modification, Rare, 21-50)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Synapse\rquote s Shock (Endurance Modification, Rare, 21-50)\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Artillery set icon updated\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Power Transfer: Chance to Heal Self no longer marked as Unique\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf1\b\fs28 To-Do\par
\cf2\fs22 General\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 Snipe powers may be missing data\cf2\b\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\cf0\b0 Water Jet may be missing some data\cf2\b\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
Power Updates & Fixes\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 Scrapper > Titan Weapons > Defensive Sweep: Correct defense bonus to in-game value of 11.25%\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Known Issues\par
\cf2\fs22 Need More Information\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 Water Jet damage value for Blasters doesn\rquote t match in-game.\line\i\f1\u8594?\f0\lang4105  Will need to investigate calculation differences\i0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf2\b Can\rquote t/Won\rquote t Fix\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 ATOs and Superior ATOs are not marked as mutually exclusive.\line\i\f1\u8594?\f0\lang4105  Won't fix. Not related to database, and would require extensive Mids\rquote  code changes to accomplish.\i0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dominator > Martial Assault > Envenomed Blades isn't adding damage to other pow\f3 ers.\line\i\f1\u8594?\f3  Won't fix. The game's expression used to calculate added damage is complex and creates a damage bonus unique to each power based on the base power, recharge time, area factors if those exist, and some other calculations. Expressions are hardcoded into the database when the program is compiled, so we have no way of properly implementing this at this time. While we could go through and apply it to every power individually, that's excessive amounts of work for a relative edge case situation, and thus low priority.\lang4105\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\i0\f0\par
}
 